Code of Conduct
===============

BarCamps should create an open and welcoming environment so that all of our attendees feel able to participate while being safe.

We do not tolerate harassment of unconference participants in any form. 
Unconference participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the unconference at the discretion of the BarCamp volunteers.

* Respect others
* Respect yourself
* Respect your environment

Harassment includes, but is not limited to:
* Verbal comments that reinforce social structures of domination related to gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, age or religion
* Deliberate intimidation, stalking, or following
* Harassing photography or recording
* Sustained disruption of talks or other events
* Unwelcome sexual attention
* Persistent uninvited criticism of a talk or a BarCamp volunteer
* Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behaviour

Content is generated by attendees. We expect talks on a wide range of topics with a wide range of opinions. We do not control or endorse any content.


Enforcement
-----------

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately. Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy.

If a participant engages in harassing behaviour, event organisers retain the right to take any actions to keep the event a welcoming environment for all participants. This includes warning the offender or expulsion from the unconference.

Event organisers may take action to redress anything designed to, or with the clear impact of, disrupting the event or making the environment hostile for any participants.

We expect participants to follow these rules at all event venues and event-related social activities.


Reporting
---------

TBD


General Instructions
--------------------

* Do not run on site
* Attendees under 18 years old must be accompanied by a responsible parent/guardian.


References
----------

Other code's of conduct for similar community events.

* [oggcamp](https://oggcamp.org/code-of-conduct/)
* [BarCamp London 11 Code of Conduct](https://eleven.barcamplondon.org/conduct)
* [BarCamp Manchester Code of Conduct](https://www.barcampmanchester.co.uk/code-of-conduct.html)